= TEMPORARY PAGE =

Read a configuration file based on the ini-config file
 format (described below). Configuration variables are group
 based on a header tag. Comments begin with the "#" (hash) chracter
 and all following characters are ignored until a new-line. Files must
 end in *.cfg or *.ini, but it should be noted this is not a strict
 implementation of ini-config file parsing.
 
 Keys and group names must be less than 256 characters, though the
 data can be of any length. Keys are not case sensitive, though
 data is.
 
 General ini-config file format:
 
 All keys must be in a group, and groups are defined as a string
 encased within brackers (i.e. [sample group]). Group names are
 not case sensitive, and neither are key names. Data for each
 key can be anything, ranging from integers to strings, but
 it must be ascii-encoded (i.e. written in plain-text, not in
 native binary).
 
 # This is a comment, started using a hash character
 [group_name]          # Group name of key-value pairs; do not use brackets within the name
 key1: Some data       # Example of key-value pair (or instead of ':' use '=')
 key2: More data
 key3: Any data!
 key: This is an example of multi-line text; the new line MUST either
      be tabbed or include 4 or more space characters.
 
 The internal implementation is based on a linked-list of groups
 with each group having a linked-list of key-data pairs. Though
 this could be implemented as a hash-map, the goal of GLUI2 is
 to keep code simple and maintainable; adding the STL map struct
 is too unrely to work with, ugly, and big...